chore(curriculum): validate registration form project (#46707)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-html-forms-by-building-a-registration-form/62bc29efa036af159e1a1392.md

---
id: 62bc29efa036af159e1a1392
title: Step 5
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-5
---

# --description--

> Nest a self-closing `link` element in the `head` element. Give it a `rel` attribute value of `stylesheet` and an `href` attribute value of `styles.css`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nest a self-closing `link` element within the `head` element. Give it a `rel` attribute with value of `stylesheet` and an `href` attribute with a value of `styles.css`.
```
